[Music]
[Music] I
entered what I thought that loving no longer
existed that kisses are given away on
any
corner I who thought that loving
was just a game but I look at you and I'm
dying to
have you you to me to invest my life in
exciting you and
[Music]
I will win the time that was
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me [Music]
[Music]
if the world separates I'll stay with you
if tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you if
you want me to stay I'll stay
with you what do things matter to me and
when I smile I turn around I'm
with you with
you investing my life in
exciting you and
[Music]
I will win the game the time that was
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask every
day to always be able to
love you waiting for the  moment to have you
I will
[Music]
forward to pour my life into making
you excited and
[Music]
I will win the game the time that was
lost and I ask Each day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask each day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
myself
I don't know if it was yours
No I don't know how it
happened but I saw a picture of
you and this song was born for me
man it was a matter of time a walk
by the river you left and I left
but I had to call you to tell you that
if you want we can travel the world you if you
want forget about everything if you prefer
each day We start ours again
if you want in the sleep that I build a
mansion let the walls carry your color
with little light the one that likes the one in your
heart tell me if you
[Music]
want to stick in me Give me what I
wanted to feel for so long that little shell that
makes me
laugh Give it to me that I give to you because I know
that you no one like you there is no
substitute it will be body  yours and like
Camilo said I'll sing to you
Just like that just like that it was only a matter of time
a walk by the river you left and I
left but I had to call you to
tell you if you
want I love you around the world you if you want
Forget about everything if you prefer
every day We start ours again
if you
want a mansion let the walls
carry your color with little Lula like the one
from your
heart If you want you if you want If you want If you want If you want If you
want it was only a matter of time a
walk by the river you left and I
left but I had to call you to
tell you if you want I love you around the world you
if you want forget about everything if you prefer
every day we
start ours again if you
want to see light and let your heart put
the color Tell me if you want you want If you want you if you
want Tell me if you want you want If you
want Oh Tell me if you
want good afternoon good afternoon how was
Christmas day how is it around here
the Christmas day of my people Well today I
don't know if there will be many people around here I don't know
if there will be many or few people the truth is I
doubt it but let me know WhatsApp let me know
WhatsApp Exactly, I have to notify on
WhatsApp
Okay, let's see, we have to notify on WhatsApp
Okay, let's
see,
there we have notified on WhatsApp that I have it
plugged in there that I have it plugged in there
we have notified what was that what was that
Who gave me something that
rang but I can't see it let's see I'm
trying to recover a video that I
recovered the other day Isabel Thank you so much
sweetheart for those 99 stars We
love you so much to all of you who
participate and collaborate with the channel okay
if you send me a glimpse and I don't
appreciate it it's because I have my cell phone
plugged in in the hallway but are you going to
remind me are you going to remind me before we leave to take it
to look at it there for
a moment because I had a
video prepared that was about Queen Letizia that we
had
recovered and now it doesn't want to
load because it doesn't want to load
load me because I have it here even with the
ads it doesn't want to load now yes it's
going to load me yes it's going to load me yes it's going to work for me we have it we have it
this is
a video  careful eh this is a video
that I promised you the other day in a live I have
n't seen the video eh it
's probably an outrage and says some
stupid things this is a video that the
other day eh I went into a
specific page from 2018 in which it talked about
Queen Letizia and exp it said some pretty
strong and peculiar things okay Why isn't
the members bar updated
wait maybe I haven't finished
saving it or what do
n't bother me too much don't bother me too
much let's see what happened what
happened why hasn't the bar
updated I haven't saved it properly or
what man there are 2000 of us no it hasn't been
saved Look member
tele salseo 3000 and there are
29 of us
201109 no Oh [ __ ] I'm stupid
I'm stupid
eh
2109 Javi No 2019 son okay this is a
video this is a video that has been
completely removed from the networks
okay on a website in which  They
published some strong stuff about
Leticia well eh they shared This video
what's going on you go into the
video you click on the video and it appears
this video has been
removed This video has been
removed We don't know why it was removed
let's watch it and we can come to
some
conclusion okay but
I'm like Santa Claus brought you something Well
imma well what's he going to bring me daughter
coal with how with how well I behave what do you
want him to
bring me with how well I behave well I don't
think he's going to bring me that big thing either
but anyway let's watch the
video let's watch the video let's watch
the video Let's see why they deleted This
video How are you How did you spend
Christmas Eve 99 stars pale next to you
churra Oh my God but anyway What a
compliment But anyway you woke up
poets today or what you woke up
poets today or what By
c25 Well you know what I'm telling you
man that today let's see today my planning for today I
spent a little while in the living room
I got up very late because the kid
last night  Ugh yesterday I had a cichu with the
family I had a
cichu but the kid gave me a night the
kid gave me a really bad night So no I hardly
slept at all I woke up really late
and and nothing I spent some time with him
playing in the living room he spent some time eating
there with Lorena And that was in the living room but he
wants us to spend the day out tomorrow
they want us to spend the day out somewhere tomorrow
So my planning for today from now on I've been there for
a while in
fact I've already recorded two or three videos
but my planning from now on is
eh leave all the work possible done so I do
n't show up tomorrow Okay then I won't
appear live
but you'll see me in a lot of videos that I'm going to
record during the
night Loli says a few drinks
ellipsis let's see a few drinks at the level of
getting a little bit
comfortable at the level of getting a little bit comfortable I
had It's that I never drink eh I mean I
never drink when Jin drank a lot I
drank a lot when I was young I drank every
weekend all the time okay
Chari now I'll take it okay  see you
send me now in a little while
the phone is charging
remind me and and I put the and I put the mobile
okay I don't drink when I was young I
drank a lot I went out partying all the time
and everything and also during the week I
went out and drank beer too
the baby thing hasn't passed me by now Just like the
smoking thing and And no and no such thing no I don't it doesn't
catch my attention but yesterday with the
cousins and that well
I had a couple of beers or two or
three beers and a couple of
drinks you see you didn't get drunk
drunk but there There there there
the problem is that the kid gave me one at
night heavy very heavy very
heavy at night it was and and I didn't sleep
well the truth is I didn't sleep
well let's see let's see
eh Let's watch the video let's see the video why would they
take it away what a
barbarity no Loli what's up night no
when I was young I drank even the water
from the flower vases when I was young my grandmother used to
tell me Look at the son of a [ __ ] well the son of a
[ __ ] I don't know if she used to tell me  that word
maybe no no because I think my grandmother didn't
swear but but weddings and
that at weddings my grandmother would tell me it's a
boy it's a boy you drop the glass and it
falls if you drop the glass it
falls the truth about the dark past of
Queen Letizia of
Spain pure past
eh the favorite who would finally
get the trophy of legal wife was going
to leave everyone with their mouths
open she's very pretty she's very pretty she's
super pretty but you can tell
the touch-ups are noticeable too the truth But oh
well They're good for that's what they're done for
that's what they're done and my Mateo says have you
forgiven me Javi No imi I'm very reckless
joking Yes yes yes imi give yourself 20
members and I'll definitely forgive you
be I'm very resentful until people
give me members when they give me
members people love you very much
listen to me she's very pretty I like her
a lot she's very pretty Leticia but you can tell
right the touch-ups are noticeable
The touch-ups are noticeable it's nothing I mean I've
also done some touch-ups And that's how it is  let's
see that's what they're for so they can be
noticed but the nose
changes people a lot eh the nose
changes your face a lot
but no no it hasn't been
done some touch-ups that are
ugly it hasn't been done some touch-ups that make
the face look plastic no that it looks like that
as you
know it is she is
gorgeous a native television journalist
ple divorced with a
more than murky past and the most shocking thing for
the monarchy Mara Jos says she was beautiful she was
very ugly What are you saying what are you saying kid What do you
say kid she was prettier before No
man no she wasn't prettier before Let's see she's
gorgeous be it to me she seems gorgeous gorgeous
and especially now that we're
dealing with the
touch-up we're dealing with the subject so much that I'm
taking a lot of photos of her and
such and such I'm seeing a lot of photos of
her and to me she seems gorgeous gorgeous
the left-wing republican militant
let's say even without touch-ups
a jewel for the crown that It's true that
the nose is very spoiled
Leticia Ortiz The red Cinderella red eh
The red Cinderella watch out for the gentlemen
eh watch out for  the
gentlemen also true the great
secrets that are many are
jealously guarded by the
highest powers of the State closed under all
the keys of the kingdom And of course
fords says Olga you are a little selfish if
you become a member you are already yes but let's see
It's that I am very interested Olga I mean the
truth I mean I get angry with you
When you moses me in the chat but but if you
give me some members I forgive you because
I am interested I mean I am very
Materialistic she is very pretty maybe
too thin but yes she is pretty To me who
likes very thin women
chis I mean the vast majority of
mortals of this normally normally
or rather normally also it is not it is not
a
norm the prince with women who interested him
sexually has always used the same
tactic of using his friends or
third parties who have mediated
without complaint to provoke a
casual encounter in such a way that The Heir
could then initiate a
more intimate approach to the female on duty on
whom he had set his royal eyes phew the the
the video already and the video already points
ways eh the video is the video points
way eh says the female the female to
whom he was approaching would
not take care of the rest his
indisputable charms and his
Bourbon gifts in matters of love affairs
in this occasion the method was no
different regarding the famous dinner at the home
of the journalist Pedro erif where according to the
official version Ortiz and the prince
met by chance will it be good
that the meeting took place there
aj music terror one of the attendees
the assistant director of the
television program weekly report was
commissioned to bring beautiful girls from
television to the same or in other words they commissioned the
executives according to This video they
commissioned the executives of
Spanish television to bring
beautiful girls look you see it to Manuem to Manuem I
love her a round of applause the whole chap Manuem look
what he has given away five members Manuem
how much we love you I tell you every
day
Manuem that makes you wonder Kunil what
kind of party was that the one that
a character like the Prince of
Asturias attended and why the
presence of beautiful women was requested watch eh they
commissioned women  beautiful that F once
the intimate approach occurred Ortiz
was very clear about what his goal was to
pursue he has never stopped at anything
or anyone nor has he given up on his
unwavering
ambitions in one of the videos that I
recorded today Leticia's cousin
this cousin who betrays her Well if you
realize at the end and this is also because they have
approached him well I don't think it's
because many interested parties have approached him
eh I think it's because
really Life is like that in life you
meet a large percentage of people
the people who are successful people I know
on YouTube we see it a lot but we
also see it in the world of
music in the world of television
a lot of people always approach you
and they hit you The stab that they hit you The
stab because they make strange movements
to try
eh who knows how to make a profit okay And they
betray you Look Isa we also love you
very much Isa how much we love you sweetheart
Always every day I tell
Isa How much I love them look you have given away
five other members a kiss Isa a kiss
Isa if we can't love you more
eh  You know what I'm telling you that it's just
life itself in
life itself you meet people who
are very selfish and maybe well let's
see everyone likes to
succeed, to do well, to have money. I
think everyone likes having money,
not basically because you need
the money you need to have money to
eat to be able to go home so in a
certain way we are all more or less
selfish. But there are people who are
more honest, being more honorable,
being more humble and there are other people
whose tricks are obvious and and and you don't know
when they approach you because they love you, you do
n't know when they approach you because they
want something from you or because it
benefits them. I don't know, there are many things. So what
happened to Leticia is that of
course Leticia's thing is the best,
Leticia's thing is the best. I mean, with Leticia we
're no longer talking, for
example, about a singer who suddenly
goes from singing at the town candles to
singing in concerts, what we
're talking about with Leticia, we're not talking about
a YouTuber. Oh look, a YouTuber who's
doing well now. Many people approach you just to
scratch your head.  something about your followers
no no no no that Leticia we are talking
about a girl
eh from the street I mean from the street no
misinterpretation of a
normal person a commoner Okay and we are
talking that she manages to be the queen of course
Then she faces everyone she
faces a cousin a lover a Roman has given
away without counting Roman Roman I eat his
mouth look Roma has given away 50 family
50 members Roman has given to Roma I eat his
mouth Roman You want a picture of me
naked if you want it ask for it eh if you want it
ask for it a round of applause for the whole chat
for Roma then Of course imagine Look
so that you understand me so that
you understand me imagine how many
people would
betray you If suddenly you became
famous and millionaires Well then Leticia
manages to be not only famous and
millionaire but the queen of Spain the
queen of Spain the queen conor don't
imagine and now men will start
coming to you Well look at Luca the
Antonio the I don't know who the conchi I mean
men start to come to your
mind,
I'm sure you don't say anything about what
influences led her to from the
Prisa group Spanish television in the year
2000 but she was a worker eh I mean what I've
seen of her these days because I
'm investigating a lot and I'm seeing
many things eh I'm seeing many
things and I've been seeing things about her
from when she was a journalist yes it's
true that she was a substitute she started as a
substitute but she was a curanta eh I mean if they
sent her to shut up I don't know where
there she was the first one at the foot of the
canyon if she had to be in the middle of a
blizzard she was in the middle of a blizzard I mean eh she
had a lot of ambition she had a
lot of ambition But the thing is that I think that
having ambition is good in life I mean I
think that I've always been
against people who don't have
ambitions in life and are conformists I
mean how many people are there who have and I
've told you this many times because I
heard a colleague in a video W
stre Wolverine
invictor who said it in a video and it occurs to me
that phrase that I said is
true we live in a society in which
we see a neighbor of ours who buys
a Ferrari and we don't say [ __ ] what what
Cool what he has achieved I am going to try to
get it too if he has been able to
I can achieve it too
we live in a society where what
we do Is try to pass by and
yes we wish that others do not
achieve it Because we want them to have the
same as we have if we
have little it does not cost us to make ends meet
or something you know and there are many people who
are conformist there are many people who are
like that the majority of people are very
conformist in the sense that they do not
study they do not want to study Because they
prefer to have a good time
eh No they do not achieve they do not want to achieve promotion
in the job they have they settle for
a normal salary h with a
normal house with a normal apartment When I say
normal I mean going down
no and you always hear them Oh I hope I
win the lottery son of a [ __ ] if you do not buy
lottery How will you win? Oh I wish one
day I were rich I had a pool
[ __ ] but if you do not leave your job and do
not do  nothing when you leave work, I
mean, for example, I've always been a
person who was never satisfied with
myself, with my job that I had, yes, it's
true that when I was young, well, I was a complete
fool, I didn't study and all that, okay,
but the moment I started working
I said that this job, you know, and
now I would leave work for 8 hours, I would go to
work another four somewhere else, I
was even doing three things at
once, uh, I've been working at an
8-hour job, studying in one of, I mean,
studying, I don't remember how many hours I had
of the subject of studies and
working on a telepi, I mean, I was
doing up to three things at once and
always trying out many things, I'm going to
invest Here I'm going to invest there, I'm going to
see if this works out for me, if this works out for me, the
YouTube thing was a test, eh Of so many
things, yes, it is said that when I had been
on the news for 4 days, urd gave, according to
his words, a paternalistic speech to
which I felt urd was the boss, the boss, the one who was
going out with her, the one who was
sitting with her, no, by the way, he
tweeted it, I found out the other day in a video, he
tweeted that they implied how  that it
was known about Jaime del Burgo from
that time before before
Felipe then Leticia was ambitious Yes she
was ambitious but she was also cur which is
also good forced that there are many
people who say that she is a climber that she is a
climber well let's see she is a climber she was a
hard worker Hey well yes she had Well yes the
prince Fell in love with her what do we do I
told him to go on screen I was
going to make her a
public figure and that she should take care of herself because the
gossip press could take her out on
her We are well known here but not
famous I
said to him And then I saw that his face changed
Hey What do you know about me he says to me and I don't know anything
nor do I want to know anything about your
private life You know something You know something he repeated
the only thing that they have told me about you I
told him that you were seen one night in a
bar with a group of people among whom
was the
prince the rumor that the prince
wanted to go all out with the announcer
broke out in the gossip circles of Madrid on the
afternoon of October 23rd 2003 or days
later the engagement was officially announced
or days
apparently Leticia was with the prince for very little time, in other
words, the prince had a
crush on her and said this is mine
from the first moment, said Felipe, check
mine out once in the royal family, Ortiz
is truly terrified of people talking about her
[Music]
past, the state intelligence services
prepared various
confidential investigations on this
matter for the royal family and, interestingly, it states that
many of the rumors about this past
that have circulated come from
leaks from those
[Music]
reports, it also draws attention to
the surprising silence
kept by all the people who
knew Ortiz in her early
life, not even her
schoolmates in Asturias have agreed to
talk, a journalist from Pronto magazine
who managed to speak to one of them said that they
had all sworn to keep their
mouths shut because it was a
state secret, nobody talks about her, eh, I mean, she does
n't talk. Well, yes, they do talk, let's see, her
ex-husband, there are ex-boyfriends who do talk, her ex-husband does
n't talk, her ex-husband
doesn't talk much, he's said a few
strokes of the coin, okay, Alonso Guerrero, but this
boyfriend, David Tejero, he has
always said  also the same eh I mean it's like
I think that she also does it to
get a little attention right and so that they
ask her and to play it's not like no it's that if
I were to talk if I were to talk I
could talk well I could talk badly no no
he says I could always talk well about
her and lie to you Or I could tell the truth
And leave her in a bad light you know he lets that fall
the ambition Is that her name remains in
the history books for eternity
well Loli is not a bad one it's not a bad
ambition the
truth is the quick path of Ortiz's television
between the party at Erquicia's house
October 17, 2002 and the
official commitment November 1,
2003 a little more than a
year passed after the first meeting the
prince called Ortiz for a
date upon her return as
your special envoy to Iraq Ortiz had
traveled with the Spanish military
aboard the frigate
[Music]
Galicia Kunin does not refer to any
cloak and dagger tricks by the announcer during her
professional trips but some
malicious comment behind us are the
trips to cover
any journalistic event
about the prince's phone call
the Ortiz number was
given to him by a friend of pay attention to the
car thing because I have seen the car thing I don't
know if they are going to say it in this video Oh I don't
know this photo of the car that all these
days in the media I don't know if I ever
recorded it in a video but this is a
gift that the prince gave him eh I mean
fate you eh F you eh I imagine that of
course the things of royalty no at
some point a couple of centuries ago
horses would be given as gifts no even eh
camels or something like that when the
maharaja gave you a camel Well
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] would Leticia want a
horse for I mean a horse he'll stick it in your
balls Felipe a horse where do
I put a horse my mother won't even let me
have a jorai I mean I want a car
an Audi damn and he gives him his Audi he
gives him his Audi one of the most
visible gifts that the announcer received from her
new companion was an Audi A3 about
which  it was done in crossing his colleagues of
[Music]
work although the prince did not
care about the approval of the Kings
or that of the monarchists if he cared about the
Clan amil the Clan friend of
hers but in style Vila also a bit
la la the prince told his parents
that he had to accept her I mean if not
he rejected he renounced his his his
inheritance you know that it was the crown
as the author calls his clique of rich
posh people
[Music]
in the summer of 2003 the
prince and his friends go through the
Mediterranean in the late of one of the
members of the Panda la Ortiz and it is
assumed that other ladies of the journey with
them here in the video I do not know if that
expression was unintentional but it says
ladies of the escort la Ortiz and other
ladies of the
escort it is that it goes too far eh Maybe that is why they
made him delete this video
because there it goes too far eh
lady of the escort sounds sounds bad
sounds very
bad It was then when the I mean if they are
kids No if the prince was a kid it
is that  let's see, in the end they are
people it's
like what we talked about Her
Highness Leonor, no, oh, she's gone
out partying with her friends Look at her, I do
n't know what, if she smiles with a boy it's
like a man let's see It's that it must
be very difficult, look at you,
youth, no, that we in
youth M is the is the is the time that we
have to live through it, I believe that to become
mature, to have
the knowledge, the experience and everything
that we have, you need to live through things, you
need to make mistakes, make errors,
fall in love with someone who breaks your
heart, I mean, you need to live through all
those situations and screw up and mess up and get into
trouble and have to pay, you
know, I mean, you have to take
advantage of the opportunities that
life gives you to learn, you can't
just be perfect from
birth, what hatred do they have for the queen, they have
a lot of hatred for her, I mean, this
comment here in this video I'm
listening to several comments, it's not
just him with a derogatory tone, you know,
it's like [ __ ] Well, I don't know, I
really like him  Leticia I am very Pro Leticia
eh I already warn you I am very Gossipy and I am
dealing with all the gossip because I really
like gossip but I am very
Pro
Leticia Mara gave her approval to
Ortiz and they made p to help the
prince's wishes is that they mess
with her more they mess with her more and
nothing is known confirmed with
proof proven that with the father-in-law that one
has a history come on it is that one that one
has believed that he was at the
top of good and evil eh I mean Juan
Carlos has always believed that he was
at the top of good and evil that one has
done what he wanted and forgive me for
the expression what he has done that one of all
that one has
done all bad okay Loli How are we already
starting Loli you are already pissing me off I
had begun to think that video will be
totally by Peafiel This video was
made by Peafiel with a Loquendo marrying
that woman
prospered from that moment on the
clandestine encounters between the
lovebirds counted on the  complicity of
those thirty-somethings from aet and even
of the Infanta Cristina herself who
let her brother use her house in Barcelona as a
shooting gallery this could be true there would
be nothing wrong with someone
having a shooting gallery let's see these are
kids' things these are young people's things
it's normal not after Pilar Javi says
who is the one in the video well it disappeared they
removed it from YouTube they removed it they
removed this video I recovered it
with a page to recover
deleted things be that this video is not there it's
impossible to find in the summer of
2003 together with friends and Accomplices
delirium the prince and Ortiz began to
make plans for the future says Javi
This is worse than the father-in-law man no Don't
tell me that please that's already
hating for hating man that the father-in-law with
the thing that we're finding out about
now that he was going out with Barbara Rey he was
taking her up he was taking her
down man for
God's sake he was giving Barbara Rey a salary
to shut her up man they devised
two no  has married elephants yet
Ledicia neither man please Javi It
shows but yes man that I am
very Pro
Leticia I am very Pro Leticia Juan
Carlos fell a lot agreed that he fell a
lot that hab there was no there was no one who could
keep him standing 5 minutes to the man
options a call Jack to the king
directed to look at the frontal rejection that
expect Javi you are very blind Loli I am
Pro Leticia on this channel we are very Pro
Leticia Loli of The Kings called
operation silence with to prevent
the press and public opinion from
finding out about the relationship and that with their
pressure and their rejection you
do it to contradict me
when the prince communicated his
intentions to the kings the reaction of
rejection was the
expected one of So it is the well-known
fight in which The Heir launched a
challenge to the kings with that of this
is what there is this I leave everything with two
balls For love from that
September the secrecy of with two
balls for
love with two balls for love look how
pretty you are and he eh I mean  There were
people saying man, Leticia
left David Tejera, didn't he leave
David Tejera for the prince? Man, let's see, let's see, let's
see, I see a lot of
criticism, but of course, I mean, you're 30
years old, you have this face, this physique, this
is study, this preparation and the prince comes to you,
apart from the prince, okay
Javi, you're very intelligent, before
the right one arrived, I had several
relationships. Thank you for respecting
women. Well, Graciela, that
's a thing for women and men. In
fact, I said it for the prince, in
this case now king, but now I say it for
the girl, I mean, you
realize how an
18-year-old girl can't make mistakes and ca
n't get involved with a boy who
breaks her heart and cheats on her with
another girl and now she finds out what
[ __ ] guys are, how do you have to
treat him? I mean, that's how it is. That's how it is, you have to
live life, yes,
I'm not telling you to be a
rascal, already at 40 you're a
loose cannon, but when you have  15 18 well
15 I don't remember if at 15 years old I was
already 15, a man, already in the neighborhood that S they
went out no I don't remember very well that my
time was different No me and yours
still sure more no listen to me let's
see I'm Leti with this physique With
this bearing with this elegance with with
this career okay And the king comes to me the
future prince King heir to the
crown who on top of that the best boy
has his preparation his education and on
top of that This
bearing David Tejera Alonso
Guerrero not the other one Jaime del Burgo
man Sorry Jaime del Burgo you can
be as disappointed as you want
but
my son my son but it's like if you
wear
a Ferrari a
Twingo let's leave the false
humility
please if they didn't give
the girl a choice they made it easy for her they
made it easy for her Look you give her a
chance at least not the man you
give the boy a chance and
another thing later is that you get to know him and
the guy is a jerk okay but if she
stayed with him  I imagine he will be
comfortable
Look Carlos and Camila no Diana de gale
Diana de gale told him to [ __ ] off
to the other Javi help I am 28 years old and I have
been with the same man for 10 years what do I do I
leave him Hahaha imi Well It depends it depends
inmi let's see you started at 18 at 18
still surely yes yes yes you have fallen in
love and if it has been reciprocated and
such And if life is already going well for you I don't know
but when you are asking me that I am
sure it is because
but be very careful because there are many
couples who start when they are 16
years old okay And they have been together their whole lives
and they fit in with the fact that they are 30 33
years old and they are still with the same boyfriend from
when they were teenagers Okay and of course they are already together out of
habit they are already together out of habit they are already together
because they have been together their whole lives the
family are like already family between
themselves no and it is already out of habit because they do
not see another person but but of
course many times they are simply and they
are not in love or anything and they have
desires for other people why Well because
because he is your boyfriend already out of
habit out of obligation like  when you were
getting married in the times of Franco man
no, people can separate and
divorce, I mean not even if you have
children If you're not in love You don't have to
be with a person they take you
as best as possible and that's it life is
one and you have to be happy and there are couples
who start like that when they are 16
years old since they were kids or even before 15
14 and now they stick together their whole lives
and they are at 34 that they really don't
fulfill each other because Of course at the
time at the time
and at the time they started and at the
time they liked each other a lot and that
goes we are kids right but then each one
when they have grown up they have changed a lot I
mean we all change as
the years go by we all change and maybe you have not
taken the same change as your partner
or the same path and you don't have the same
interests and you don't have the same tastes you do
n't have the same goal in life and and
and you are bored of each
other It's that the relationship became even
more he says It's that Peafiel wanted a
virgin queen and immaculate martyr but of
course that's not  It will surely exist
neither nor even if it had been eh Nor even if
she had
been from some that she had
been from some royal house or someone
from the
aristocracy You think that these people
the kids don't have their
flings and their
things these people will have their flings
too, so Leonor won't have had a
fling with some kid there at the
academy or whatever you might
have liked her with some boy The thing is that you can't talk but man that's life I can't imagine It's not that it's nature besides no my goodness Javi if we were talking about people who worked at CNN when the Atltico mess in the sar with its implacable royal alesa
the Accomplices had orders to
keep quiet as if their
own
[Music]
lives depended on it we had to endure until the
royal house that had already swallowed
reluctantly decided to make the
engagement public in an
[Music]
official way the calculating nature of the one
year it lasted to marry this one who was the
professor eh besides eh a year
hard Look what was happening Well,
she had different ambitions than
he had She had ambitions to
go further and further and to be
famous and to have money or well maybe the
famous thing I don't know but to reach the
highest point in his career possible Yes and he
wasn't a man of restless clappers
no a wedding of 90 guests is worth a
wedding come on today I was watching
a video watch it tomorrow I'll upload it
tomorrow today I was watching a video
and in a video that I recorded of
these people's wedding and you have to see you have to
see the suite of the wedding night What a
horrible thing my God What a horrible thing
What a
horrible thing my grandmother had the apartment in
the North polygon better than that suite I mean
some switches some switches you
know when you go to your
great-great-grandmother's house she has some switches like
these like that are on the wall like those
little ones I mean she got married
25 years ago eh I mean don't believe that she got married
at the age at the age of  Pedro
Picapiedra or rather a suite that was
the best suite in the hotel eh also eh horrible
horrible with some
very ugly tiles at least cleaner with the
climbers but
very ugly very ugly horrible the suite okay
but of course a simple man a man
of the people a man A normal and
humble man who liked it that way he liked to
live
that way the catering for the wedding of these two
okay pork steak pork steak
rice croquette 90
guests 90 guests with a closed fist
also they wouldn't give nor would they give nor are we
going to cover the
cover nor to cover the cover Dari
the
stiff a wedding there with your rice with your
90 little people the people there quietly
and in the hotel in the town there in Badajoz I do
n't remember right now Where
Barot was I know they were bados but I don't
remember The tiles were very ugly but
the whole night a very crazy night a very
fun night Okay what's going on well
the girl had other
ambitions okay he already well he was a
teacher he was whatever okay And what what and what no no
no that she she
gave him the  scholarship in
Mexico and at the time that is copeteo
for Mexico the scholarship Goodbye Alonso Goodbye
Alonso no bagged croquettes Paqui was
25 years ago 25 years ago
croquettes were not so est this thing of
frozen croquettes was not as much the order of the
day as now they were
homemade croquettes not everyone shares the
same interests or philosophy of life Well that's why
divorce exists Well that's
why divorce exists and nothing happens the
man is married he recently got married the
man eh again eh He recently got married
I am a proti I am also a
smurf Ortiz is evident in
the fact that she allowed the prince to be
seen and photographed with some
of his old bedmates to
throw off the press this is true Eh
This is true it was said eh that he took
pictures with his ex-girlfriends to
throw off the scent a little bit
[Music]
the concealment and the simulation were
so successful that not even the
sentimental partner that Ortiz had
for  So the journalist in a hurry
David Tejera suspected at no time
what was happening I think that
David Tejera was deceived if not deceived then he stepped on the line
because the thing is that there is no room for more
people I mean you realize that
the marriage lasted a decade
married to Alonso for a decade okay
they got back together they broke up I don't know what I don't know how much
but a decade and now then she was
with David Tejera for 3 years and it is supposed that she
broke up because of Felipe but of course it is
also supposed that she broke up with Jaime
del Burgo because of Felipe so either some
relationship is a lie or there are more
relationships overlapping there Well there are more
relationships overlapping than
most there is something there that escapes us eh
people what do you
think I have even gone for the
cell phone charger with that I will tell you everything what do you
want Loli that ass da Ho makes me
say bad words Loli and here on this
channel they don't say bad words they say the
brat what do you want Loli that was a
pain
[Music]
weigh man let's see With all due respect
to this gentleman okay With all due respect
to this gentleman he will be a good
journalist  Okay, she must have published a
very nice book in Malaga, but sir, I'm
so sorry, King Felipe comes to me with
that bearing, with those blue eyes and with an
inheritance that is the crown of Spain and
you, sir, with all due respect, and with all due
cordiality, we are here for whatever, whatever you
need, okay, if one day you
want to do an interview with me or
whatever, you can do it for me, but I'm so sorry, sir,
I'm staying with Prince
Felipe, he makes the butter very well
in the
[Music]
cranes
Fer had been the greatest support. Come on, come on, come on,
come on, you're going to tell me
that she's not cute, you're going to tell me that she's not
cute. Mira de la Ortiz, when she divorced
Alonso Guerrero at the end of
1999, the prince had seen her. Loli
says, Loli says that for you they are all ugly, they are not
ugly. I haven't said that they are all
ugly, but damn, let's see, the girl didn't
get it right either, eh. Until she found the prince,
eh,
damn, Clara, the prince came to her and said, I wo
n't think about it, of course, but yes,
the people too, let's see.
It's that you are criticizing
Leticia as if you  if you had to
choose like you guys let's see if
you had to choose the tile maker
that David Tejera or Tejera I don't know what
Tejera was like no no Tejera I don't remember
tell me in the chat the tile maker Alonso
del Burgo or Felipe and you're
criticizing him for staying
Felipe We're
crazy We're
crazy you're
envious I mean I'm going crazy I'm going crazy
but mine the beauty is on the
inside But what beauty is on the
inside in Jaime del Burgo yes
Jaime del Burgo is like a lunatic
the inner beauty is there but what
inner beauty but if we're going to
see you're criticizing Jaime David Tejera
okay David Tejera is also very good
well Mara hij would be in her youth
my sister but no man no no no no no no
man but yes
we are here criticizing something that we
all would do I would have
chosen
Felipe too Of course you would have chosen
Felipe Jaime del Burgo is not ugly he has
his point
Loli you've had enough of me eh Loli you see him for
contradicting me  your point
to Santiago sure if it were necessary to contradict me
but
what you're saying doesn't make
sense
man the serranito the one with the
pork serranito who takes her on her wedding night to
a suite with my grandmother's tiles
in the
North polygon The other one the tile maker a book 10 years
later that he's not with her still
throwing her a dig Jaime del
burgo Jaime del burgo del
burgo would be good to present I don't
know to be a character in
Martian Chronicles but to take her to New
York to live man let's see and now you
put me to Prince Felipe man what are you
telling me what are you telling me but if I really really I really really yes
the argument for you to be
criticizing Leticia for having chosen
Felipe No look wait I'm going to choose
Jos Mara too snar that would be
next with Felipe without a doubt I'll stay and
live wonderfully but if it's not there's not there's no
color but if it's not there's no
room
for doubt  choice that would have to be
made I is that I really am a bit of a pain with
people but if he is a Little Prince of
chocolate cookies given a cell phone
the three of them are upset the three of them Well this
man hasn't said much No this
man hasn't said much the other
two are
upset upset
totally upset
Jaime del Burgo is missing like with
Shakira going away with the visarap upset
destined exclusively to receive
her calls as a
precautionary measure with the prince he fueled the
character The tanner of
Ortiz already does well, well let's see with his mother-in-law he doesn't
get along very well eh things as they are
eh he says Smurf if Felipe tells me
my love I'm going to the Bay man of course
you're going at his job he didn't talk to
[Music]
anyone sound technicians cameras and
some editors realize that he
behaved like a superior in the
corridors of tube they supported her Leticia the
fictitious they
gave her a nickname eh on
Spanish television Leticia the
fictitious when she arrived on television
Spanish and they placed her to present the
weekly report Ortiz gained access to a
much more select circle she met
more important people and continued
making friends with all the
interesting professionals she
met they wanted to with
her when she left CNN Plus her bosses did
n't try to retain her it could be said that deep
down they breathed a sigh of relief because
Leticia already on Olympus was not an
easy person When she
appeared in the flesh
the mother-in-law is also a specialist
Yes I think that I think that there each one
will have their own eh I mean I think that I
think that Sofia maybe the issue of the
issue of Juan
Carlos we should go to her now and pay it
instead of with Juan Carlos you know she pays it
with the others she would have a bit of a
record like that a
little meticulous perfectionist cold
heavy nervous talkative curious disturbing
stubborn overwhelming flirtatious seductive
cajoled man but this
video is a Shakira Piqu song
but what's wrong with her This video but what's
wrong with her This
video but
This video that she remembers more of
ex-boyfriend remembers her ex-boyfriend more than
her there's no discussion Javi we're talking about the
heir we would all choose him but
not just for heir it's that he
has everything The boy overwhelming [ __ ]
Vain calculator thrown excess and
all these adjectives come to mind
of his acquaintances when
defining her he knew how to adore the pill says
one always walk three palms
above the ground another assures him a
kiss my Pau look at me here putting up with
Loli dolors when I have my Pao here
who just gave us 10 members to
all these gifts are not for me eh I
mean when someone gives away members don't
think they are gifts for me
really I mean I ask you I ask you
But because they are gifts for the
community a round of applause the whole chat for
our pao pao who every day
gives away her 20 members her 15 members
as many as it takes eh A hug eh Hey so it could
be that we're on the way to
3000 eh we're on the way to 3000 Loli
come on
Loli what are you doing you don't live up to your
name you don't give away
member she is presenting herself as a
thoroughbred journalist when she wasn't one
Although she did have a majestic bearing Hey
but this this frame of what this
frame seems like as if it were a
performance there wasn't it as if it were
a series or something no this doesn't point to a
third party
some man Maria Jesus don't throw
that in my face Maria
Jesus more perceptive saw however
The Hidden Face that hid behind this
facade was not a person as solid
as here the ofit I don't like much eh
here here the ofit I don't like much it
seems that his mother saw him for Three
Kings Day Look he said and you sense an
emotional imbalance we want the
plate is it true maca I have to ask for the
plate now I think I have It's even expired the I mean I think what is it
called
prescribed Ah I don't remember what the
word was yes expired no the the stke
that they showed me on the video on
Spanish television I think it has already
expired and now I can ask for the plate I think
but I haven't remembered it's not a it's that
the plate It's okay let's see above
all always  when you are most excited
about the plaque is when they give you the first one
the first one is always taken with more
excitement you are not sure but the third one
as you can understand Vera it is not
something that I am in a hurry I will have it and the one
that and I want it no of course But
well it's okay I ask for it calmly a
person as confident as
[Music]
seems the proposal ceremony
and the events around it things that are
mostly known
the commotion caused by the kicks to the
Ortiz protocol the famous let me
finish and so on the anger of the
Spanish fashion designers because she appeared in
a
weapon suit the royal house always always goes
to the same fashion designers and she well she
liked Armani more but listen to me when I
like the crocodile not the
crocodile eh the crocodile is that like that
each of us has our tastes and
our cravings of When is the
2018 video but it has been deleted for many
years Hello literary gem by AR that she
gave to her fianc in which you
can read this passage tolerance and
freedom of conscience civil liberty
complete equality before the law  and equality
that opens public offices to all
men according to their suitability and without the
need for any other aristocracy than that
of talent, virtue and merit and
absolute freedom of written thought
very suitable for people who place themselves
at the top of the state by reason of
birth and marriage and there are those who
tightly control everything that
can and cannot be said about them
[Music]
Thank you for watching Well,
I think it's a bit of a hater video, eh, I
mean, it's been a bit of a hater video, it's been a bit of a hater video, eh How are we?
How are we? We have to watch this, we have to watch the climber thing, we have to
watch the climber thing. The last
episode that we didn't see yesterday yesterday, yesterday I
did it live. Yes, yesterday I did it live in the
afternoon with the Marina thing, no, eh, we have to
watch it because yesterday I didn't see it, I really
couldn't see it because I had to take a shower, I
had to escape and so on and so forth and I didn't see it and I didn't see it, I did
n't see it the truth is that
I'm very
worried because he must have talked about me, the climber
now, maybe what he came up with
now
tell me sea has started reacting
to I understand that this is reacting to
one of my last live shows reacting
to her
okay let's be to Vera wasn't messing
with the people who were fia aer yesterday we
weren't seeing like She said like that
because this one is fuchsia now it doesn't matter
not hanging out with the fuchsias Yes I
'm not hanging out with the fuchsias or
the blues or with what
I'm not hanging out with the
fusas or the blues says the aunt eh
eh you hang out with whoever gives you money
climber you hang out with anyone who
gives you money and if tomorrow you have to
hang out with the yellows you hang out with
the yellows and if tomorrow you have to
wear a t-shirt eh that says
Apollo R Carrasco you wear it if
Irene Len asks you okay because you are that
a climber you are okay How come you're not
hanging out with the Rosas or the
yellows but if you're hanging out with the Rosas
because here we caught you sending
an audio to Ana Cotilla to Ana
Cotilla which is pathetic
hashtag  and you don't even talk to Antonio Avid
or anything and Antonio Avid can't see
this, I'm apologizing for something I've
done wrong And when are you going to
apologize to the cancer association
then eh Because in their name you asked for
donations and you weren't going to give them, I mean, you're as tough
as cement you're a
scoundrel you're a
scoundrel But how how come you don't
How come you ask for forgiveness When you do
something wrong When are you going to ask
me for forgiveness for the defamation you've done
climber eh And but come on, it doesn't matter to me that you ask for
forgiveness It's exactly the same to me
you're a meme and a character as if I
were Crdenas and I have here the a la
Carmen de Mairena okay the margarita
six fingers but when are you going to ask for
forgiveness from the cancer association
and all the cancer patients who have
felt offended with your do m 2 ig
240 m visum okay when but of course
you don't
understand one thing is that I
specifically apologize to Ana Cotilla for
my  mistake and another thing he asks for it
because Irene Len is involved if not you don't
ask for it fresh if not you don't ask for it that
you take the
indiscreet one that they put Antonio David
But the thing is that I am not the father or the
brother of Antonio David I do not care
who puts Antonio David green, I
mean stop treating Antonio David as
if he were the one who has to approve the
collaborators of the others or as if he
had to bless you Antonio David
Antonio David is a youtuber just like the
others, I mean one thing is one thing is that
I condemn certain attitudes of certain
youtubers who go over the line like
you Loli huertas who is sued
like you Loli was hot and you thought
the things that Loli said were okay but
I have to condemn the people who
put Antonio David green man I will
criticize the people who defame him,
slander him like this Ana Pardo de Vera who
talks nonsense Ana
tribio who always supports the worst
people But I saw a person like
eh Carmen who criticizes Antonio I saw on her
channel that she is against  from Antonia vi
she creates Rosio Carrasco Well and what
do we do but Avino has to bless eh
so Antonio Avin is not the one here
who blesses you you are good You are
bad I approve of you I do not approve of you
m No he is not an example to follow nor is he
anyone so that I have to say here
on my channel he does not enter because you you
mess with Antonio av Well those are
Antonio David's problems with her I
may agree or not
agree with Carmen's opinion but to
me Carmen seems funny with
talent with coherent charisma coherent
because maybe eh We are not we do not
think the same about the documentary
okay eh about some things we do think the
same eh but we do not think the same
about the documentary But because I do not
see gender violence she does see it
anyway they are things but the way
Carmen expresses herself and the
intelligence that Carmen has when it comes to
defending her position is not the same
as for example Ana Cotilla or this
pisero that I uploaded here to
debate who did not even know why he was  in
favor of Rosio Carrasco you understand me
Carmen is coherent and she is coherent with
her words, I mean eh there are other people who
are not coherent because for
example there are people who are supposed to
defend a position but they are capable of getting along with people
because of hate and because the enemy of my
enemy is also my friend because they get along
with people because they get along, I mean they are
inconsistencies that I see every
day and so incredible no but it's that he
tells you it's not that you take your channel to the to the
Carmen from teleindiscreta that
puts Antonio viid green and and ngela
portero doesn't like Antonio
viid very much either, he is completely against, like
me, some injustices and some
things that are not true but it's not like he
has a pedestal either. I mean there are a lot of people there are a
lot of people who think like me in
fact the majority I think it's like me
the majority is that in the
documentary issue and in the issue some of
Rosio Carrasco's lies on that subject are let's
say in favor of Antonio David or in
defense of Antonio David but another thing
is that Antonio David is seen as you know
who has to approve of you, who has to see
you  if you are for good or for
bad You know that there are people who endorse
the characters of the television in a
way that is not appropriate
eh to collaborate with you for what so that
your audiences and on the fly so that the
audiences mix I do not have a mix
of audiences, the people of Ana Cotilla are not going to come to me,
you are the ones of Ana Cotilla, those of the
other channels that are hating
me, I mean, you are the ones who hate
Javi Oliveira and you know very well you
speak badly of Javi Oliveira and
communities gather there that
cannot see each other but because of the hatred for Javi
Oliveira, which is the only thing that unites them, they
are there watching you and they do not really support you, they
hate Javi Oliveira or
mine, I think they go there there, I mean, the
warriors I do not believe to listen to it yes we
can Listen to what we want, we
listen to you. Look at you. Oh, we
listen to you. Look at you, but if I am
your main center of your life
and your content, this false, this false
role, this false is  false
humility or this attempt at contempt is not
this arrogance No, I don't need you,
look, we listen to you. Look, fate, you
do it for yourself, but if your life depends
on Ja ol beira, that is, you guys, keep
one thing in mind, all the
satellite channels of telesalseo. Okay, and
always keep one thing in mind. And this is how it is and
no one can deny it here at
telesalseo. I decide when I
lack content to fill in to
laugh or because people ask me to. I
decide when to give the ball to a geeky
tuber, to another, not to another. Okay, and when
I talk about you guys it's when I bring
clips in which I find out about what you
're doing, what you're
talking about, or what you do, if you
still upload videos because of many of
many currently, I don't even know if they still upload
videos, many of the people with
whom I don't get along anymore, but nevertheless, on the
contrary, it's not reciprocal, you all
know what I do, what the
videos I upload every day are about, what
my live shows are about, if I make a new section
in  the channel if I do an interview if I
do a collaboration anything goes or so the
difference between me and the friky tubers
is that I decide when to give you the ball if I
feel like it if I'm short of
content If I need to fill or if it's for
laughs or whatever it's okay if I pass if I
suddenly now next month I decide
again not to give the friky tube ball
I have no [ __ ] idea what you
do in your live shows if you upload
videos If you don't upload them with who you
hang out with who I have no idea but
nevertheless you Yes you your
hangouts and your such depends on Javi
Oliveira and if Javi Oliveira suddenly
makes a new section called
Freaky Tuber you know about it And if Javi
Oliveira suddenly changes the name of the
Channel you know about it and you talk about it and if
Javi Oliveira suddenly buys a
pink t-shirt you know about it I mean that's the
difference the relationship is not reciprocal
we are not on the same step in
life and that's how it is
Well we listen to you  Of course you
listen to me,
well, whoever listens to you, let's
clarify. I skipped this. Whoever
listens to you, let's clarify. You don't have a single
live stream that doesn't talk about Javi Oliveira. Not one, not
one
[Laughs]
by chance, not one, not one by chance, it's just that you can't
have that face, but of course,
eh. They're people who, like the people
who follow him, are people who hate Javi
Oliveira for anything he says to them, they don't
care for trying to
contradict him, you understand, but it's
ridiculousness and nonsense, man, right? Javi
doesn't understand life, he doesn't understand, this
boy who doesn't understand
life, if you're collaborating with
Teleindiscreta, which is the most carrasa there is,
and what, and what. But why? Why is "
carrista" derogatory, it
sounds to me the same as when they say "
e" about the Blue Tide, when the "
rosas" treat the "trinker" and call them "
trinker," it seems to me exactly the same as
absurd, childish, and stupid,
eh. Like using "
carrasquera" as an insult, I mean, he's talking to you, he's talking to you
about the word "carracha"
as if he were talking to you about  a
druggie is that you have druggies on your channel
who are here selling
heroin you know how Forgive forgive Forgive forgive Forgive forgive Forgive
climb forgive
okay you when you were with me when I
was against Antonia viid you
were against Antonio vi and when
I criticized Antonio you criticized
Antonio And if I defended him you
defended him and you went along with what
Jai Oliveira told you to do that I didn't
tell you to but you were adapting to what
I was saying okay but
also no crime or anything
wrong supporting Rosio Carrasco supporting
Antonio avid when someone makes a
documentary but it's not that someone makes
a documentary it's that we have a
media war where both have turned
green each one with their possibilities one
for many years and during many
magazines and during many programs and the
other in the shadows a little behind with
this friend with the other friend I sue you
and now being a documentary not two
documentaries but that people I mean
when these types of content are made
is it so that people have an opinion or a
single thought Not that  This is what we
criticize about the television factory, that there are
people, there are people,
Eh, who believe Rocio Carrasco or who support
Rocio Carrasco and think that Antor Vi,
her freedom of expression and
her freedom of thought are very bad as long as she does
not accuse crimes or insult or anything like
that. And just like the people who
are against Rocio
Carrasco's story, but that's how it is. I mean, what
happens is that there are mostly
people, this is not the case with Carmen. But there are
many people who believe Rocio Carrasco
with stupid arguments simply because of
ideology because they are Podemos members because they
are and that's it. Okay,
and they are the ones we
laugh at. But to me, Carmen seems like a
very coherent woman who is right about
many things and I understand her point
perfectly.
It's that she tells you as if she were
someone derogatory.
Carrasqueta. Well, what happens, I mean,
for example, on the subject of Rio Carrasco,
I have already explained it many times. What is
my position? Everything that I have dismantled in the
documentary, I maintain everything that I have
dismantled.  who can see pink everything
why Because they are objective lies that I
saw in the documentary and I do
n't call that gender violence For me,
gender violence is other cases
okay, I mean, you can't put on the same
level a guy who
puts you down, with whom you have a
media war in which each one of you
puts you down in the media,
eh, in a case like Ana Orante's, I mean,
when you do that, well, you're putting
both things on the same level and I don't
think so okay, but
but my opinion is that I that is not
gender violence, that it is a fight between the
two of them, it is a media fight between the
two of them, okay And that is not
gender violence But that does not mean that
I support Antonio David, that Antonio
David is a god and that he is perfect and that he is
an example to follow and that he is the
best person in the world, there are many
things that I have seen Antonio, eh,
especially after the documentary, that
have disappointed me, you know,
there are many things that have disappointed me
and that I have seen that I did not like,
but we have all seen it here, we have
lived it  on YouTube okay But my position
regarding the documentary is the same
Why Because I have been dismantling the documentary day by day
because I have been
investigating it and examining it
so my position on that is not going to
change that does not mean that I
agree with all the criticisms or
all the attacks from Antonio David Roso
Carrasco nor in and there are things that don't
Ah well And of course what you are
putting in the chat also of course I with
Rocio Carrasco still in her fight with
Antonio I saw well I can say well Okay
Uh well she has her point her perspective
but on the issue of the children Rocio
Carrasco is inconceivable and
I see it like that you know that's how I see it I'm sorry
but I neither have
Antonio David deified nor will I have Roso
Carrasco deified you
understand
But this is not a team for which I will
die nor do I end my live broadcasts
saying I rebel I
rebel This is not a team for which
I will
die when you have beaten your
chest we have seen in your videos
also with I rebel  and you went to
Malaga and I went to Malaga to collect the
news I didn't go to Malaga with a
Blue Tide t-shirt or anything like that
I went to Malaga to cover the
news just like Albert Dom Menec did
just like Diego sent his
team from the agency to Rabal and just like
other media outlets covered the
news I can't get it
Angelo speaks better son speaks better than
me I speak Andalusian but I can understand everything
you speaking Lu you can understand everything but your
nose won't leave it alone look at the
scratches you put in daughter the scratches you
put in your nose daughter you're in
front of the camera Don't do that it's
very ugly daughter you have no
presence in front of the camera Look at that
frame Look at that frame 2+ 2 There are
240 you can be understood very well except when it comes to showing
the papers Peppa
when it comes to showing the papers there You can't be
understood there the Andalusian is a
little bit lost eh
eh Since they don't have to get anything out of me because I
don't talk about him or the other what they
wanted was  that I will get
hooked so I can have a lot of
videos and stuff like you're seeing that he
's eating a grumble like this big but this
big
let's see grumble that I'm
eating
almost 3 million visits this month and we're
talking that every day an
average
of Let's put an average of 100
150,000 visits every day climbs
every day an average of 150,000
visits
everything that you do
eh the whole month talking about me the
whole month talking about me I do it every
day you the whole month talking about me you
get what I get every day What is the
crap that I'm
eating climbs I'll throw you a
challenge I'll throw you a challenge okay the next
day say goodbye to Javi Oliveira okay the
next day say goodbye to Javi Oliveira and
we make a deal I'll shake your hand I'll never
mention you again ever
okay But you neither but
absolutely nothing eh Neither J nor
chili anything absolutely
nothing that you do absolutely nothing
that has to do with  telesalseo
absolutely
nothing Zero you start creating your
content talk about the queen talk about
roso Carrasco I rebel zero neither
Javi oliveira nor el guindilla nor el J nor
alne nor Pili nor teleindiscreta leave
telessalseo
Leave them
salseo I challenge you to try it for a month
a whole month but not a wink eh
impossible he is not capable he cannot or mean no he would not
do anything then leave the channel
So
don't tell Loli directly to
happen to Loli not to Irene who is
now to give her a payment for bson
every month and so because otherwise no he
cannot I mean what is this lady going to be she
has the art to create something she has the
art to comment on something about the queen
comment on the King comment on nothing
the turkey that is not from Christmas but the turkey
of
delind look look at the nonsense that
says that Javi you are losing all of you we are not
going to have to take away the crown we will
take it away but now Look for a
nonsense that you think is
nonsense for me to
do in some way
if I have attacked  a person saying
that he has said something that is not true, I
will have to apologize. I am not
like you and when are you going to
apologize to
Pilar when are you going to apologize to
Pilar.
So I am not like you but yes,
here, as far as I know, here we, when we have gone too far,
eh, when we have gone too far with someone or
something has happened here, we have
always apologized, I mean, I don't know, I
never have a problem with that. I
am not like you, you ask for forgiveness
for the only reason that you have
lowered your pants to apologize to
Ana Cotilla is because
Irene Len, who is the one you have
in common, sent it to you now. If you were now
financed by Loli Huerta, you are not going to
ask Ana Cotilla for forgiveness. An audio
to Ana Cotilla, what audio? Ana Cotilla
greeting her community there and
everything. What audio? Ana Cotilla greeting
the community and everything that happens is that
you have Irene Len in the middle of it, who
is the one who finances you now that she
is doing you, let's go, she is lining your pockets and
like others, the turkey that no, but Tony, but he
is not the Christmas turkey  the 24 hours let's
see what he says let's see what the Indian tells you
daughter Oh no it's that
slow I mean asking for forgiveness from
the donor that they have in common I thought
that the subject of The donation was the basement
of his lack of dignity I was wrong let's
see let's see this is the audio that I
sent to Ana Cotilla and she put this
audio live and I have to say
well no man I mean he asks for forgiveness from Ana
Cotilla he asks for forgiveness from Ana Cotilla with
the things that he's done to other people
wait what other people have done I
that I have done to other people Javi I that I have
done to other people Well look at the moment
he's a prisoner of cancer the moment that you've
gone 6 months without giving the 240
bucks as a minimum that were
theirs for the moment you've also laughed at
your own audience that as long as you
hate Jabi Oliveira you're going to have them
there like idiots and they're not going to turn their
backs on you but you laughed at me when you
go in the morning to give the 240 bucks
that they give you for the cancer and you go
on Monday 6 months later because you
had forgotten to give it before p a kiss
when you go and pretend in the afternoon to
show them the paper telling them that you
had donated it in its day you laugh at it
but he is laughing at people with cancer he is
laughing he is laughing at tokis he is laughing at
tokis of alanes you have laughed you have
said terrible things alanne and
through Lolly Huerta you have said
terrible things too but come on you have
done a lot of harm to all the people that's why
now you are a being detected by the entire
internet your image right now on the
internet that of
240 the entire internet sees you as a
Shameless but if the stabs have been
given to me you were the
first and then they have
continued I have not harmed
anyone, anyone what you have no shame
on the
contrary I have apologized, I have apologized, I have
apologized even of course with the things
that she has done look how far her
ignorance goes her ignorance has reached me it has been
curious to see it I am going to put it so that
everyone can see who is who is
the 24 hours  with the things he's done
and to Ana Cotilla Yes sorry in audio
humiliating himself before the audience of Ana
Cotilla humiliating himself before the audience
of Ana Cotilla pulling down your
shorts
Javi has but it's more if Irene
Len told him you have to defend
Roco Carrasco she would defend Roco
Carrasco eh that you learn from
life you have to learn from life the
greatest thing not asking for forgiveness is not
humiliating yourself it's recognizing
that I attacked Ana Cotilla for something that
wasn't like that I wish you all would do the
same but of course for you it's a
humiliation right well do it with the
cancer patients and the association
please [ __ ] [ __ ] dude he has no
dignity whatsoever Eh pu This is the audio
that I sent to him to [ __ ] dude he has no
dignity whatsoever
[Music]
ehosa dude he has no dignity whatsoever
you're 70 years old you're not in school
climber you're 70 years old you're not in
school you're 70 years old you're not in school
climber imitating someone by speaking you
already did it with pily in his day
laughing at her
cancer stop imitating people for
speaking that later you deny it when they
embarrass you on the contrary
I am very
dignified that is why you disappeared for a week that is why you
disappeared for a week when you
caught me with the ice cream cart let
the people pay and tell them the truth okay there are
people who are saying that there was
bison too
climb Tell her now that Irene Len is giving you so much money
give people
what you have to give them Okay and tell her the
truth I was wrong I forgot I
forgot for 6 months to pay money
that I had raised for cancer
Tell people what are you going to have
dignity learn from a woman over
70 years old like you say I have
I see my mother or my grandmother
doing this and I cut the
internet cable but come on automatically
eh
automatically look eh the thing about
dignity now is very civil dignity
mantra all that is it seems that they have taken
the dictionary and have said we have to
repeat this many times eh what the what what
what nonsense says we are it is that I do
not know that  It's that we are in it's not worth it or
for this you but in your chat someone
and you asked for an excuse because you're really right.
On Monday, face that I
remembered about
that if I have to learn from you climber I
ask people for money here for the
cancer association and I forget
if months to give it yes tomorrow I will say it
but I want to apologize to your
audience Although we are at the
antipodes you know and we all know,
come on if this Irene Len
sends you to defend Roco Carrasco
Pepa would do it, she would do it I mean if this
Irene Len sends her to defend Rocio
Carrasco she would do it she would do whatever it is whatever they
order her to do she
would
eh what won't it be her envy that gets
Irene into all this, all this mess
what the [ __ ] do I get Irene into then
[ __ ] no that you talk to Ana
Cotilla and you send her an audio because it's
born because you woke up in the
morning and suddenly it was born to you you
talk to Ana Cotilla because she's going in
the lion in the middle  say why the two of you
are [ __ ] Airene Len but if it
is your common point for God's sake what
are you telling me? I mean as if Irena and
Len had nothing to do with this
new relationship eh between Ana Cotilla and the
climber
eh As if Irene Len were not the
link between these two, come on, she
has it, she has it like cement, she
has no shame at all, come on, it's not that you
put her in the lion what V What are you going to
do now also with this one like with
Loli, saying that people are jealous of
her donations to incite her to give you
more or to keep giving you every
day, that's what you're going to do, it
worked for you for a while and it will
work for you with this one until you end up
with her like you end up with
everyone eh As it ends like everyone
else, the climber being a climber no but
totally, I mean, as if Irene Len
were a character here that
you are putting here for free that
has nothing to do, you know that it has
nothing to do of course with the movement we
are putting it in because we are jealous
of the donations, man, please it is  t
an exo of Union climber is your link of
Union you would not be talking to
Ana Cotilla but come on not even about Fly now she
wants a lot Irene Well they will end up
hair out too but at least Irene is
different because it is true that the
climber is going to lower her pants wherever
necessary and if Irene feels like it
now that she defends Roso Carrasco she is going to
defend Roso Carrasco I mean if Irene
suddenly does to Pepa eh does a
handstand in the living room it will be a handstand with the
living room okay but at least different
because it is not the same It is not the same the
most serious thing for me the most repulsive thing for
me about the Lolly Huerta issue was
that the climber left the climber was
monitoring the channels in which
Loli Huerta entered she had her kink k and
then she looked for her on social networks and
spent hours all day on the phone
okay she was writing down the visas that she was
giving on all the channels and everything is
but Irene Len has appeared
voluntarily on her
channel  you understand it's
different at least it's different
the money issue continues always
around Peppa okay but it's different it
's not comparable to the other case because the
repulsive thing about the other case the repulsive
repulsive thing about the other case was that she put in the
hours she put in the hours, I mean she was
cured Give it time dude I don't know but
here Irene has appeared because
she wanted to voluntarily we don't
know why but suddenly this
Irene has appeared on this channel and that's it you
know it's different But the climber
eh was looking at other channels
Who were the ones who
donated contacted her looked her up on her
personal social networks looked her up
contacted her became her friend I love you every
night you know what you know Javi Well of
course let's see as far as I know he must be
totally burned out totally burned out eh
he just wants to make money he only wants people to
donate to him he even said that
I even stole from people the 10 the
5 man yes we have been we have been
seeing yesterday I don't know if it was yesterday the day before
yesterday Of course but look today look  today he
has given him three super chats, that is,
every day I give him a few
Super chats of 200, not every day, no,
Javi, even Irene does not arrive every day.
No son, you, chuca, tesa, pao, and all those
people, if they give you gifts every day, to me,
not to me, it's from time to time and the most important thing is
almost every day, I mean, but yes, with
what I have given you in a live broadcast, you already have something to talk about. It
is the message that is
given. But he only notices the
amount, he does not notice the message, let's see
what happens to the
message so that you go to w or wherever you
want, happy holidays that
the message has, the message for me is a
mockery of the people of the association against
cancer because they are 240, 240, 240, 240.
What is the message that we should
care about here? The important thing is the
message, he does not notice the message, he
tells you the
climber, what is wrong with the
message, the message is that you are
laughing at cancer,
not the message that Irene gives, I read in each
super chat, he does not notice, he only notices
the  amount
usurer
petero
pesetero Merry Christmas to all But look
how the fish drink in the river But look
how they drink to see God was born they drink and
drink and the fish drink again in the
river to see God was born Oh of the chir
chir Oh of the chirn chitn
between the
unaa God was
born Merry Christmas to all Jo Jo Jo Jo
Merry Christmas to
all
mother of beautiful love
mother of beautiful love let's see let's
see no no no need to share audience
with anyone let's see is that I don't need to share audience with anyone
why the [ __ ] did he
say that I didn't understand much about that I don't
need to share audience well let's see
family next move I don't know if you
want to see it or you want us to
leave I don't know if you want to see it or you want
us to leave and I'm going to dinner you
say eh Let's see how the Likes are going
How are the liks going How are the liks going I
can look at it I'm lazy I can
look at it almost 1000 likes almost 1000 likes Ah
almost 1000 likes I don't know almost 1000
likes
955 let's see the next topic I have the
next topic that I have here prepared
is that Pili our Pili Pili the good one
has compiled and sent me the topic
of Why Consuelo Stopped Being a
Moderator for Antonio David and
apparently it's because she also had a
bad experience not because of Antonio I
saw I understand because of the people
who are too radical and well they
went against her they turned
against her and such Okay so if we
reach 1000 eh if we reach 1000
likes I understand that you are interested in us
seeing it if we don't leave for me we
still have 20 more minutes for
the live to be 2 hours as always
Okay and 70 new members today 70
new members is very good and I always
thank you from the heart always from the
heart for all the people who give away
members But it would be great to meet
the daily goal it would be Great if it
were 100 then I would
only be missing
six people six people who would
give away five members each so
that we could go  100 new members Look now We've
reached 1000 likes So I
understand that you want to see it let's get to it
and now it's an obstacle eh obstacle If people
want if they don't it's not a problem but it's an
obstacle that we reach 100 or
as a daily goal I think it's a
good daily goal that we could
set 100 Members a day 100 Members
a day okay let's listen to
Consuelo's testimony and why And
why she left being moderator of
Antonio David's channel And what
happened to her because to deal with all these
issues the important thing is not just to give an opinion
because anyone can give an opinion there
's also the information and the fact that he
was there I have to say
Ricardo Rick I like it a lot eh I have to
say that on Saturday night I saw
the live calmly I saw a live where they did
n't overlap but each one had their
space their time calmly with
a very calm line with
information that they brought out that fabric
eh And then I have to say that yes I
loved the live on Saturday that I
also saw it on Sunday and  I
repeat the same thing with the
Anavid association with that lawyer who spoke and spoke
very coherently and very well
eh Look at our Paz, one of her Paz, a
kiss, beautiful Thank you
darling and when he does it, when I don't
like it, I say it and when I like it, I say it I have
always said that I am going to say what I
think and at first I thought Well
let's see where eh Where he goes with
the subject
eh Villasan knows which way to go Well
I think that there are days when he knows it and there are
days when he doesn't
Eh I think that there are times when he is
very accurate and knows where to go eh
Where he goes with the subject
eh Villasan knows which way to go
Well I think that there are days that he knows it and there are
days that he doesn't
eh Regarding the live shows, I imagine not
Well hey, I'm left without you What's up
Javi, have you behaved badly or
what Well I think that when
Antonio David is there there are people who say that he is
very boring, there are people who say that he
makes them very
heavy I think that when he has
30 there every night Uy 30 I've lost my
mind  3000 4000 people I think that they must be
doing something right, don't you
think? Look, it's all a matter of taste
and in the end, there are people who
like livelier live shows and
other people who like it
quieter to be there, like chatting. I don't know,
no, I don't think they're wrong. TT has given away
another five members. TT family has
given away another five members. Five
members, but
Ro has given away another five members
as well, but Ro has given away another
five members, but Sisuka has
given away. But
Sisuka has given away 20 so we
could officially confirm that
today we have reached our daily goal
of 100
members. So
a round of applause for the entire chat. A
round of applause for the entire community that is with us
tonight. Congratulations,
finally Loli dolor has a
member. Finally, she has a member. Loli let's see
if you behave
better now. Loli let's see if you behave
better now. Loli, now you can give away members,
eh Loli Loli. Thank you to everyone who
has given away members, eh. Thank you
all from the bottom of my heart. Goal achieved today,
okay.  Loli tomorrow the 100
target members the 100 target members
Loli you have to give them away yourself
Put a VPN of that Put what you see
to give it away but the 100
target members Loli you have to give them away
Loli you can give away now Eh you can give away I
think that there are times when he is
very successful and knows where to go
but there are times when he is not that he is lost
things as they are and now you sasa you
just gave away another five a round of applause
and now you Thank you very much if
you want to stop giving away more members
save it so that
every day we meet the
objective who has you blocked Jul
Total
that I consider that we have to surround ourselves
more with professionals who inform because
in the end what we do is inform because to
claim we have already claimed a lot
okay we have claimed
a lot the point is that I liked it
but I also have to
say it deserves to be seen at least for
me happy handsome for Ah look how
nice the man no he
deserves m happy at least they see me Oh how
low How nice no what  I also have to
say that I didn't know what was coming out,
we can't make the mistake of doing what
the other party has done, I mean, I
consider, uh, I consider that we don't have to make
the mistake because it's a risk
that is run by saying that other
people, of course Monse was right, he didn't make
them long but he made them long
because there was no ego war, that
's also very important, but I also have to
say that, uh, Let's see how I
say it, you have to be careful with what you
express because, of course, we like to
listen to what is expressed and that is what
many of us think, but there I consider
that we have to be careful because you can't
make the mistake that they have made
and that has been questioned for
so long and we have questioned for
so long. If there is no sentence
that says that certain people have done
something, uh, to say that yes, they do it, be
careful, uh, careful because it can be
expensive, it's that 4 hours are unbearable, the
truth is that yes, 4 hours of live
have to, uh, Ah, that they are very long, well,
4 hours, which is a lot, yes, if I were
Anton, I would divide the same content
into two hours, an hour and a half,
2 hours  I think it's true
that with Los Friky many
nights we spend a little more time and we
go for 3 hours there have even been nights where
four or five hours but the ideal
is so that later people see it in
full re-uploaded eh the ideal is two
hours I have it set on two sides I
try to complete both sides and it
's a super interesting live show Yes yes that's what I
'm saying come on eh but
of course
eh Consuelo you found out about the latest
from Dieo very strong very strong Well
honestly no because as I told you and I've been
busy with things
eh I didn't give in You're welcome great
disappointment when I hear you let's see if you
want I'll applaud let's see if you want I'll applaud I
'm telling you that I like the
live shows that he did this weekend
How he did them with education with
information and with respect and also the
disappointment if you want or I applaud everything it's that
I don't understand what you want me to
say
Julia there you have given him the segos they detract from
Spanish professionalism in France
Greetings Total but what is it that I  you
really listen to me eh yes I will listen
behind everything that is known So it's that
I'm not the only one who thinks so there are
more people who think like that eh
What happens is that I'm the one who verbalizes it
and the one who lets it go and of course I take the blame
obviously because I'm the one who
says what was done but you can't
applaud everything because everything is not
right and sometimes wanting to help
can cause harm eh
watch out Carmen Muriel I'm neither disappointed
with n nor with the cause because I
continue to defend the cause but what is the cause
and the cause is one Not everything else So
I continue to defend the cause and I continue
fighting for it but not only for it
but because I have a brother who is
going through some situations because I have
a husband who has gone through situations
not only because of h it seems that sometimes it
seems that being the only one Ade is that there are
many men who go through that and my
fight is against that and it is and in favor
of those men well let's see it's not
like it's my fight but being a
media issue  Well that's why I decided to get
involved and comment on it and all that
but but there are many men who
go through that type of
media condemnation for example Rafael Marcos
Rafael Marcos is a man
eh I recommend that you always watch
it I always recommend it I've said it
many times surely you've seen it
e Rafael Marco is this man that we
did with Here this interview okay here we
did an interview on my
main channel we were
alanne Sergio I had tools that had
cut it off alanne Sergio Sergio
utbh and and trium and I were doing
this interview here on my
main channel with Rafael Marcos this man
was the one who won the the one who won a
lawsuit against Irene Montero recently eh
Because she called him an abuser Okay and the
story is insane I mean the story
is that his wife to take the child away from him
did everything she reported him as she accused him
of abuse okay his son eh he did everything he did
everything he did everything it's something that it
seems that we already have in our
adapted society not
liars women women who make
false accusations anyway a lot of nonsense  and among
them is j and I continue doing it the
problem is that of course a person
from the government supports you that is the
problem and for which
Irene
Montero was convicted man t Lopez I already tell you that they
think about it or that they don't say it why
Because it costs subscribers because they
put stories because you didn't leave for
what they have fought is to see if I can find
the word and I was thinking j
now the right word can't come out j
now I will tell you for the system clo enra
of the system the system that is very poorly
done that it is true that Ale was
the first one that jumped with all that that has
helped a lot of people but that
we are against the system and we fight and
we are against the cause that happened to him Of
course because listening to me one thing that of
course is that that is already one thing and another
thing since another thing is already what I
believe Antonio David intended eh I believe
that Antonio David also intended that there
be a team of youtubers now t you know
that I don't know if you have given away another
five but a kiss if so Antono I think he
intended for this to be  people
joining his war in his arm wrestling with
mediaset as in his revenge in his
vengeance okay let's see one thing is
what happened and how they went too far by
holding a parallel trial because
justice didn't rule in Rocio
Carrasco's favor because she didn't have it but another
thing is an army
eh that's moving revenge of Antonio
David okay an army of youtubers
all together against the TV factory
so that Salvame can take him away from me so that
MediaC can sink without him how are we going to
see If that hadn't happened to him He's
still working on Salvame and He's still
working at Telec and he doesn't have a
war against Telec and he wouldn't think
so bad about everything that Tele5 has done and
everything that has happened at Tele5 you know and
he now suddenly Well he wanted it like one like
allies like one like an
army no and now we're sinking this channel
If suddenly the director of Salvame
is on Antena 3 let's go Let's
organize ourselves to put a hashtag
against Antena 3 if now Roco
Carrasco is where the cakes are going I'm doing
the cakes too  and I have an opinion on
cakes, let's see, that's not me, I'm already, those
are things that I don't like, being
more or less in agreement with Roco
Carrasco on some things, okay, but there
are people who take it as that, you
know, as if Antonio were the person
who, like, deified, like he has to
give you his blessing, like if
Antonio David likes you and Antonio
David approves of you, well, you're fine, well,
you can continue with your life, but if
Antonio has his heart set on you, it's
like you no longer, no, no, that's not like that. I
mean, now what happened to him is very bad
and to hold a parallel trial in
royal justice is fatal and we condemn him, but
from there, since he is, see, right now he
is a YouTuber and and Here we are all YouTubers, I
mean, here on YouTube we are all already,
some of us are even more YouTubers from many
more years ago than him, you know, I mean, here we are
all the
same. It's not like he has to give you
his approval. You know, there are people, for
example, we saw an extract from the
climber who spoke of that, no, no,
because Antonio David,
you don't  you talk to Antonio David you
say that you I don't know if it was the climb Well
I've heard many times from people
Yes yes you don't talk to Antonio David you
pretend to talk to him but he doesn't talk to you or Antonio
David doesn't want anything to do with you
as if he were Antonio David who has to
approve you Hey maybe I'm the one who
has blocked Antonio David Hey maybe
I'm the one who decided you know you
know but no no it's like he has to
approve you so that people
approve of you and so that people keep
seeing you and it's like no no no don't make a
mistake that we have been
working for many years you know it's
Ade's turn but maybe we
have Bertinos Borner there who are
also getting his mouth watered
for living his life because I don't know what and
many other men eh Because
nobody's talked about Jesulin nobody's
talked about Jesulin and the television pounding he's
had for 20 years with a mother of
his daughter and with a television network
we don't remember that we only talk about
but it's that the system has gone  against
many men I made a kind of
documentary on the main channel you
also have it comparing everything about
Antonio David Rosio Carrasco everything from the
documentary on Tele5 with Beln Esteban I
mean why haven't they made a
good documentary in the first place because Jesuln doesn't
lend himself because of the children Of course
but eh Beln Esteban was to make
the same documentary as Roco Garcas
the same one I mean if we are condemning and
we are criticizing that Anton Abil has
made I don't know how many programs I don't know
how many covers to Roco I don't know what Beln
Esteban worse I mean Beln Esteban has
done worse Beln Esteban has
even questioned Jesuln's sexuality eh I mean straight to the
sack there you have videos that I made I
recommend it to you I mean and he said some
things about Mario Jos Campanario that yes it
is true that Antonio David also
gives Fidel a hard time he also says
strong things about Fidel but I think that Beln
Esteban has gone too far both publicly
and privately against him and she continues to
go So I can't forget
that cause and I continue to support  all that
But that, in other words, don't make me support what I do
n't believe in, but it's that the case is already
over. I mean, the case was what it was
and Antonio won the legal case, he got
a very good compensation
and little else. I mean, now the television has the
right that if they don't want to
hire him, they shouldn't hire him. I mean, now
you can't get involved in the fact that the
case now is that since they don't hire
Antonio David, then we're going to file a lawsuit
against all the programs. Now, if it's
on Antena 3, on Antena 3, if it's on
Spanish television, on
Spanish television, and if it's on Canal Su, Canal Su, and
if it's on Federico, Federico too, we're
filing a lawsuit against Federico because Federico
accepted a promo for
Big Brother, I think it was a man, no. I
mean, that's already something personal, a
personal army, I don't
agree with that anymore. I mean, I don't agree with that anymore, why?
Because if
Antonio David were to be called by
Spanish television now for a gossip show
as a collaborator, he would go, he would go,
but if you support Antonio David, you will support
Beln, no rain.  let's
see what happened with
Esteban if they treated him if they treated him
why wouldn't they do it
I would support Jesulin I already talked about
this the other day what I don't support about the
issue Anton is that they call it
gender violence or
abuse to me the fact that there is a
couple in which the two are killing each
other television speaking not that they are putting each other down to me that it depends on who
seems better or worse I can support one or
the other I don't know it doesn't matter to me it depends
watching now Rosa a kiss Thank you very much
welcome sweetheart I mean the fact that there is
a couple putting themselves down is that
if that content didn't exist
We wouldn't be here either
so I can't be against the existence of
that content that
Beln Esteban comes and puts Jesulin down or
Antonio David comes and puts
Roco Carrasco down and Rocio
Carrasco comes back and let's see about Antonio Avid
I can't be against that
existing or in other words they lend themselves
yes they lend that content Well that's it you
know what I don't
agree with is that  condemn a
man who is not an abuser, I mean,
for me an abuser is
[ __ ], I think it's clear. No, I mean,
what happens now is that he's put on the
same level,
eh, a person who criticizes his ex-
partner when the ex-partner also
criticizes him and also participates in
the media war because Roso Carrasco
actually starts it, eh. And he puts himself on the same
level as, for example, the case of Ana
Orante, who is a guy who took and
abused his wife throughout her life, he hit her, he beat her, he
humiliated her, he spat on her and ended up
burning her, I mean, no, no, I, no, I can't
accept, I can't accept putting that
with the same terms, the term
abuser, the label abuser, eh,
gender violence, I'm not sorry. Hey, what do
you think is wrong? Do you think that
Anton Avis has crossed the line because,
[ __ ], he's made a lot of money, he's been
going for a long time, [ __ ], he's
always talking about Roso Carrasco. How
annoying is it that he's on YouTube, he also
talks  of Roso Carrasco still How
annoying okay I accept that criticism I can
understand it but don't label it as I mean do
n't label it as what it is not
either or like how Antonio David
can't talk about Rosio Carrasco I mean
when Antonio David talks about Rosio
Carrasco it is abuse and it is
gender violence and it is
violence I don't know what and now Roso
Carrasco when he puts him down and I told him
Nano resentfully and says a
lot of things
no Well but the difference is Clara
in the treatment you have with him with the issue
of child support they have been
calling Antonio av abuser and
the economic violence with the issue
of the pension that Antonio avid owes to
Roco okay But now Roco has been
convicted and she was the one who did not pay and
she was the one who has been
criminally convicted and everyone is
quiet there
is the hypocrisy that I condemn and
that I criticize you know but it's not that I
am in favor of Antonio David Antonio
David is the best everything the best No
man there is  Antonio David many
things that I have not
liked and I There have also been many things
that have disappointed me and that I have not
liked and ways of acting that I have
said Ugh you do not know but those are
different things
Javi but what about Roco
psychological abuse And that is another topic without
defending
anyone
psychological abuse that is a very extensive debate
okay psychological abuse what
someone speaks badly of you Based on their
experience
and criticizes you Based on their experience and
tell their experience their bad
experience with you then
psychological abuse all these programs
not everything not even the reality shows not in the
reality shows what do the
collaborators who are on the set and in
the debates do they give it a hard time and put down
those who participate in the reality show Why
Because they lend themselves to that they lend themselves
to being put down by these people of the
heart roso Carrasco Antonio they
lend themselves to being criticized they lend themselves
to having their life commented on from
the first day that they participate in a
program on a
cover psychological abuse for me it is
something else
man for me it is something else
You know that
then
that one person puts down another
because in the end what  Russian
Carrasco's complaint is that he doesn't stop putting her green
and that he leaves her in a very bad light and that nobody
can see her publicly because he criticizes her
a lot, for me,
for me, the issue is that Antonio
David in the personal disputes he
had with her about the children and everything,
Antonio David was more
right, okay, Antonia viid was more right
because that's why she looks bad.
If she had more arguments against
Antonio vi, she would have participated in
the programs also on the covers,
as she did at the beginning, because at the
beginning she did and she would have won
public opinion, I don't know if I'm explaining myself, I
mean, here, for me what happens is very
clear, both argue publicly and
throw [ __ ] at each other publicly regarding how
badly they have contributed to each
other, okay. In fact, she starts it,
she starts it and he spends several months
putting up with the storm that he is an
unfaithful, that he is a bad father, that I don't know
what she starts it with, and there comes a time
when he starts responding with the
thing that he is a charismatic guy, he is a
guy who sells out to the public, not that he gives an audience,
audience, and he gets the
taste for it and he hits her  25 years with that subject
and taking advantage of it, she goes on all the reality shows, she's on
all the front pages she can, she does all
the programs she can and such. And she
reaches a point where she no longer has any
arguments and looks bad, she stops
answering publicly directly
because indirectly she does by
giving information to journalists,
passing information on to collaborators,
but of course, since she is
demanding, as she is demanding, well, she
participates less
directly, but of course, for me what
happens is that she has less
reason and fewer arguments than him, that's why
she looks bad, and public opinion is
always with Antonio David, and
then she, of course, can win the
fight, she calls it abuse,
gender violence, so of course, so the
hypocrisy here is that it is gender violence
if I am criticizing my partner.
But if I am criticizing a
neighbor, then it is no longer gender violence.
Of course, it is no longer abuse, or if I am
criticizing someone with whom I have
been on a reality show, imagine two
people who criticize each other for years
because they have fought on Big Brother. Oh
well, they can criticize each other their whole lives,
but no, it is not abuse. Neither because they
are not couples, nor are they a
couple, they are simply two colleagues.
reality lends itself to that, not for me, not
for me, no, and then we could go into
each topic independently and
each discussion, eh, that for me is a
different topic, I mean, now you take it
and you go and see, imagine emoteca, this
discussion between Antonio David and Roco
Carrasco, another discussion between Anton Viid
and Roco Carrasco, and now maybe
within each discussion there are some where you
agree with Antonio David and
others where you agree with Roco, do you
understand, that would be looking at all
the discussions they've had, and hey,
maybe there are many occasions where
you say that Roco is right here,
he's right, I don't know why, because they were
two young people who probably
both made mistakes in the
relationship, but what I'm
completely against is labeling
a man as
abusive, as an abuser, that's
a very big label, very heavy, man,
eh, and apart from that, objectively, and
this is in the game over that I do,
and I recommend that everyone
watch it if they  You have not seen it
objectively, it is that in that documentary they
lie many times, they lie on
numerous occasions, there are
objective lies in the documents, exaggerations at the time, it is that
objectively that is how it is, what I believe
and what I see is that it is
unfair, it is the only thing and that is not why I have to
applaud everything and the problem is the
following, in this case, there are more of us who
are behind the cameras than
famous people who are in front of the camera.
We have many, many, many parents who
are not famous and we have gone through that
or even worse situations than that. What
happens is that, being famous, they jump
into the light of the cameras, it is like that, it is like that,
man, and the media condemnation and the
media condemnation, the public ridicule.
I liked it a lot, although I cried last night on
Saturday, I skipped Francisco, El
V by night, very nice. It makes me sad that they
are bothering you again, eh, but
listen to me one thing, but that is that this
is very easy, man, if he told the
lawyer, he plants the complaint on the
media that is
involving you in this. If it is that already, eh, it is no longer a
question  of being eh okay they say
the channels it is condemned it is said that it can't
be we all say it but from
now on there there has to be action there has to be
a reaction an
action sue file the
appropriate demands ask that the digital ones ask
and rectify what the lawyer told him
that has to be done because we can't spend our
whole lives condemning condemning
condemning if not if there is no
action I say eh
Well honestly I'm going to leave it
here because I have much more
content I have many more clicks to see
plus they put me
here they put me things from the chat
eh To see but we've been live for two hours
and I'm not going to stay here for three why
because I have to go also for the
canijo and we're going to try to respect Okay
then I'm going to leave it here tomorrow I
think there won't be a live tomorrow I think there won't be a live
but the day after
probably Yes okay tomorrow I think there won't
be a live because my wife wants us to
be around all day long around there we're going
there to some part of Andalusia I don't know
where exactly but we're going to take
advantage of it to be out
there all day to see if the weather is nice and I don't know I don't know if I do
n't know the truth I don't know  if I don't know if I'm going to
Crdoba, I don't know, the truth is, I don't have to, we'll see
something, we'll go, we'll go, we'll spend the day
seeing something and then I'm going to be
working until 4 or 5 in the
morning recording as much content as
possible so that tomorrow I can
afford to be out all day, so
nothing family, I'm leaving this here and I'm going
to the canijo now I'm sending you a
huge kiss, okay, I'm sending you a huge kiss,
yes, I'm going to the canijo now I'm going to the
canijo now in 15 minutes, let's go, I'll put on some
music, eh, I'll
put on some music, but I'm leaving this
pending, I'm leaving this pending for
tomorrow, tomorrow not the day after, continue like
this, we'll see about Consuelo and we'll see what's
added. But hey,
thank you all very much for the
company, okay, on this Christmas day,
eh, thank you very much for the support that you
're giving to the Channel, if I'm not mistaken,
we weren't missing
anything, we weren't missing anything. It's not that we've
reached being live, being
live, we've reached
148,000  which is not bad at all being
live We've reached 148,000 which
is not bad at all Thank you all so much
for meeting the
daily member goal I know I'm being very heavy
with that but you have to understand that eh
[ __ ] we need the members there
to have our backs covered we
need the members there to have our
backs covered and I think that the
goal that we set of 100
members in each live is something
Quite realistic it's something Quite eh
quite which is good so tomorrow you hadn't
arranged to meet with
delox it's true yes but at 10:30 Let's
see
wait
j an
interest already but I
qu
alred but que4 hour the
car dmir
gamerro Hey hooligan come on and fall asleep
already here
passing
half
half through here what's
passing
there oh
my god
people I have to go to I have to go to
the 24 hours for a Bag or something I do
n't have dinner I don't have dinner man I do
n't have dinner I'm going to go to I'm going to
put some music on the puny and I'm going to
put on the and I'm going to go for  a bagu
for a bagu I mean I have to go fast to the
24 hour eat a baguette and I have to
go to the punijo a huge kiss
Thank you so much for the support I
love you so much okay I love you
so much behave and I'll see you
tomorrow in videos and at night we'll see each other
at the punijo with delox because we
have the bomb that yes yes at
night I'll be here for sure at the
most Maybe instead of 10:30 Maybe I'll
arrive a little later but for
now yes a kiss
handsome